Serverless Export support OSS (#20783)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/serverless-export.md

    - [Amazon S3](https://aws.amazon.com/s3/)
    - [Google Cloud Storage](https://cloud.google.com/storage)
    - [Azure Blob Storage](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/storage/blobs/)

>     - [Alibaba Cloud Object Storage Service](https://www.alibabacloud.com/product/oss)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - [Alibaba Cloud Object Storage Service (OSS)](https://www.alibabacloud.com/product/oss)
```

- URI: `s3://<bucket-name>/<folder-path>/`
- One of the following access credentials:
    - [An access key](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/id_credentials_access-keys.html): make sure the access key has the `s3:PutObject` and `s3:ListBucket` permissions.

>     - [A role ARN](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/reference-arns.html): make sure the role ARN (Amazon Resource Name) has the `s3:PutObject` and `s3:ListBucket` permissions. Note that only clusters hosted on AWS support role ARN.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - [A role ARN](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/reference-arns.html): make sure the role ARN (Amazon Resource Name) has the `s3:PutObject` and `s3:ListBucket` permissions. Note that only clusters hosted on AWS support the role ARN.
```

- URI: `s3://<bucket-name>/<folder-path>/`
- One of the following access credentials:
    - [An access key](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/id_credentials_access-keys.html): make sure the access key has the `s3:PutObject` and `s3:ListBucket` permissions.

>     - [A role ARN](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/reference-arns.html): make sure the role ARN (Amazon Resource Name) has the `s3:PutObject` and `s3:ListBucket` permissions. Note that only clusters with AWS cloud provider support role ARN.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - [A role ARN](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/reference-arns.html): make sure the role ARN (Amazon Resource Name) has the `s3:PutObject` and `s3:ListBucket` permissions. Note that only clusters hosted on AWS support role ARN.
```

> For more information, see [Configure TiDB Cloud Serverless External Storage Access](/tidb-cloud/serverless-external-storage.md#configure-amazon-s3-access).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, see [Configure External Storage Access for TiDB Cloud Serverless](/tidb-cloud/serverless-external-storage.md#configure-amazon-s3-access).
```

Reviewer: reason: use the same title as that in https://docs.pingcap.com/tidbcloud/serverless-external-storage/

- URI: `azure://<account-name>.blob.core.windows.net/<container-name>/<folder-path>/` or `https://<account-name>.blob.core.windows.net/<container-name>/<folder-path>/`
- Access credential: a [shared access signature (SAS) token](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/storage/common/storage-sas-overview) for your Azure Blob Storage container. Make sure the SAS token has the `Read` and `Write` permissions on the `Container` and `Object` resources.

For more information, see [Configure TiDB Cloud Serverless External Storage Access](/tidb-cloud/serverless-external-storage.md#configure-azure-blob-storage-access).

> ### Alibaba Cloud Object Storage Service

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Alibaba Cloud OSS
```

Reviewer: to be consistent with UI (the full spelling is provided in L26)

For more information, see [Configure External Storage Access for TiDB Cloud Serverless](/tidb-cloud/serverless-external-storage.md#configure-azure-blob-storage-access).

### Alibaba Cloud OSS

To export data to Alibaba Cloud OSS, you need to provide the following information:

- URI: `oss://<bucket-name>/<folder-path>/`
- Access credential: An [AccessKey pair](https://www.alibabacloud.com/help/en/ram/user-guide/create-an-accesskey-pair) for your Alibaba Cloud account. Make sure the AccessKey pair has the `oss:PutObject`, `oss:ListBuckets` and `oss:GetBucketInfo` permissions to allow data export to the OSS bucket.

> For more information, see [Configure External Storage Access for TiDB Cloud Serverless](/tidb-cloud/serverless-external-storage.md#configure-alibaba-cloud-object-storage-service-oss-access).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For more information, see [Configure Alibaba Cloud Object Storage Service (OSS) access](/tidb-cloud/serverless-external-storage.md#configure-alibaba-cloud-object-storage-service-oss-access).
```

</div>
</SimpleTab>

### Export data to Alibaba Cloud Object Storage Service

<SimpleTab>
<div label="Console">

1. Log in to the [TiDB Cloud console](https://console.tidb.io/) and navigate to the [**Clusters**](https://console.tidb.io/clusters) page of your project.

   > **Tip:**
   >
   > If you have multiple projects, you can click <MDSvgIcon name="icon-left-projects" /> in the lower-left corner and switch to another project.

2. Click the name of your target cluster to go to its overview page, and then click **Import** in the left navigation pane.

3. On the **Import** page, click **Export Data to** in the upper-right corner, then choose **Alibaba Cloud OSS** from the drop-down list. Fill in the following parameters:

    - **Task Name**: enter a name for the export task. The default value is `SNAPSHOT_{snapshot_time}`.
    - **Exported Data**: choose the databases and tables you want to export.
    - **Data Format**: choose **SQL**, **CSV**, or **Parquet**.
    - **Compression**: choose **Gzip**, **Snappy**, **Zstd**, or **None**.
    - **Folder URI**: enter the URI of the Alibaba Cloud OSS with the `oss://<bucket-name>/<folder-path>/` format.

>     - **AccessKey ID & AccessKey Secret**: enter the AccessKey ID and AccessKey Secret that have the permission to access the bucket.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **AccessKey ID** and **AccessKey Secret**: enter the AccessKey ID and AccessKey Secret that have the permission to access the bucket.
```

</div>
</SimpleTab>

> ### Export data to Alibaba Cloud Object Storage Service

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Export data to Alibaba Cloud OSS
```

<SimpleTab>
<div label="Console">

> 1. Log in to the [TiDB Cloud console](https://console.tidb.io/) and navigate to the [**Clusters**](https://console.tidb.io/clusters) page of your project.

Author: ```suggestion
1. Log in to the [TiDB Cloud console](https://tidbcloud.com/) and navigate to the [**Clusters**](https://tidbcloud.com/console/clusters) page of your project.
```
